Document some Fleet Server timeout configs (#1971)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/fleet-server-scaling.asciidoc

`max_cost`:::
Total size of the cache.

`server.timeouts`::
`checkin_timestamp`:::
How often Fleet Server updates the "last activity" field for each agent.
Defaults to `30s`. When deploying higher scales of agents, increasing this

> setting may improve performance. If set higher than `2m`, most agents will be

Author: In 8.4.0 we're changing this UI timeout to 10m instead of 2m. We may want to make the UI configurable too though

> How often Fleet Server updates the "last activity" field for each agent.
> Defaults to `30s`. When deploying higher scales of agents, increasing this
> setting may improve performance. If set higher than `2m`, most agents will be
> shown as "offline" in the Fleet UI and is not recommended in a typical set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How often {fleet-server} updates the "last activity" field for each agent.
Defaults to `30s`. In a large-scale deployment, increasing this
setting may improve performance. If this setting is higher than `2m`,
most agents will be shown as "offline" in the Fleet UI. For a typical setup,
it's recommended that you set this value to less than `2m`.
```

Author: Thank you so much, makes sense to me :)
